wiki/1

§ Doge Meme

⸺ by Charles Iliya Krempeaux

This blog post (translated from Japanese to English) is the origin of the **doge meme**.

This blog post is from //Atsuko Sato//, who is a kindergarten teacher in Japan.

In this blog post //Atsuko Sato// posted several photos of her rescue-adopted //Shiba Inu// dog named //Kabosu//.

― What's for dinner tonight?
― 
― February 13, 2010
― 
― I woke up in the morning and had a brief misunderstanding.
― 
― ⁁ doge-meme/a0126590_22293619.jpeg
― 
― I thought today was Monday.
― 
― ⁁ doge-meme/a0126590_22295631.jpeg
― 
― No, today is Friday! !
― 
― ⁁ doge-meme/a0126590_22301391.jpeg
― 
― I'm very happy, it was a misunderstanding.
― 
― ⁁ doge-meme/a0126590_22302718.jpeg
― 
― Pumpkin dad on vacation.
― 
― ⁁ doge-meme/a0126590_22304286.jpeg
― 
― It seems like he spent the day relaxing with Kabo-chan today.
― 
― ⁁ doge-meme/a0126590_22305352.jpeg
― 
― Pumpkin, I'm glad you got to be so spoiled.
― 
― ⁁ doge-meme/a0126590_2232965.jpeg
― 
― I have two days off left.
― 
― ⁁ doge-meme/a0126590_2240596.jpeg
― 
― I hope you can do something fun with Kabo-chan!
― 
― 
― Lastly...
― 
― this is the meal Kabo-dad made for us tonight!
― 
― ⁁ doge-meme/doge-meme/a0126590_22261129.jpeg
― 
― 
― Teriyaki yellowtail and pork soup! !
― 
― It was so delicious! !
― 
― thank you.
― 
― 
― I just heard that college students are already on spring break. 
― Even though winter vacation just ended the other day. 
― If I'm jealous, I won't. 
― Let's take Pumpkin for a walk! 
― thank you for reading it until the very end. 
― Also, please support Pochin! ❤️
